This is to rebel against us
Why is it a rebellion?
We are going to kill you
hero
These three games were originally designed to delay time
So that these dead bodies can sneak in here
You are not afraid
Will Lv Shuai's appearance wipe out our three countries?
Well, does he have the life to get it?
The last time I saw him was seven years ago
Could it be that we have to be afraid of a dead person?
You guys
Kill everyone here for me
Changkong City, I want to live hahaha
To hell with it.
I order you
Aren't they the real gods who became female commanders?
Could it be that the female handsome is here?
Subordinate Nangong Qin pays tribute to the female handsome
The Fenming Army was shocked
Southern Army
All the killers outside the palace have been exiled here
The subordinate rescued the late
I hope the female coach will atone for her sins
Handsome lady
seven years
It turns out that I have no eyeballs
Ah!
Nangong Qin Tianling
The subordinates are making trouble in my palace today
Insult me
murder
Rebels destroy the country